Created clone.md for Java Date clone method (#2860)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/date/terms/clone/clone.md

---
Title: '.clone()'
Description: 'Clones the specified date.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Objects'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Date.clone()`** method returns a copy or duplicate of a specified Date object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Date.clone()`** method returns a copy or duplicate of a specified `Date` object.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
currentDate.clone()
```

> The `Date.clone()` does not take any parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Date.clone()` method  does not take any parameters.
```

> It returns a copy or duplicate of the `currentDate` when the method is called without an argument. However, if an argument is passed on to the method, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns a copy or duplicate of the `currentDate`, and the returned value is an `Object`, not a `Date`.  
```

## Example

> The following example shows the implementation of `Date.clone()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows an implementation of `Date.clone()`:
```

```java
import java.util.Date;

public class Main {
   public static void main(String[] args) {

      Date currentDate = new Date();
	
      System.out.println("The original date is " + currentDate);
      System.out.println("The clone of the date is " + currentDate.clone());
   }
}
```

> The output will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output will be similar to:
```
